go: document existence of orchestrion (#24302)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/go.md

Datadog has a series of pluggable packages which provide out-of-the-box support for instrumenting a series of libraries and frameworks. A list of these packages can be found in the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page. Import these packages into your application and follow the configuration instructions listed alongside each [Integration][1].

> ### Automatic Compile-Time Instrumentation (Developer Preview)

Author: Brand this as Alpha for now

Instead of manually instrumenting your apps with the [Integrations][1], you can use [orchestrion][6] to automatically add instrumentation to your application, including its dependencies and the Go standard library, at compilation time. This ensures maximum instrumentation coverage in your app (eg. across your dependencies), and moves instrumentation code out of the way, so you can focus on your application logic and keep your existing code as it is.

Follow the instructions listed on the [orchestrion documentation][6]

> 

Author: Present an either/or choice here; turning both ways in collapsible sections, editing the lede to present choices succinctly.

Datadog has a series of pluggable packages which provide out-of-the-box support for instrumenting a series of libraries and frameworks. A list of these packages can be found in the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page. Import these packages into your application and follow the configuration instructions listed alongside each [Integration][1].

### Automatic Compile-Time Instrumentation (Developer Preview)

> Instead of manually instrumentiing your apps with the [Integrations][1], you can use [orchestrion][6] to automatically add instrumentation to your application, including its dependencies and the Go standard library, at compile-time. This ensures maximum instrumentation coverage in your app, and moves instrumentation code out of the way, so you can focus on your application logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of manually instrumenting your apps with the [Integrations][1], you can use [orchestrion][6] to automatically add instrumentation to your application, including its dependencies and the Go standard library, at compilation time. This ensures maximum instrumentation coverage in your app (eg. across your dependencies), and moves instrumentation code out of the way, so you can focus on your application logic and keep your existing code as is.
```

### Activate Go integrations to create spans

Datadog has a series of pluggable packages which provide out-of-the-box support for instrumenting a series of libraries and frameworks. A list of these packages can be found in the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page. Import these packages into your application and follow the configuration instructions listed alongside each [Integration][1].

### Configuration

If needed, configure the tracing library to send application performance telemetry data as you require, including setting up Unified Service Tagging. Read [Library Configuration][3] for details.

For configuration instructions and details about using the API, see the Datadog [API documentation][4].
{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Automatic compile-time instrumentation (alpha)" level="p" %}}

<div class="card callout-card mb-4">
  <div class="card-body d-flex flex-column">
    <h5 class="card-title text-black mt-0 mb-1">Orchestrion is currently in alpha</h5>
    <p class="card-text">
      Orchestrion is under active development, and Datadog is eager to hear from you. Request access if you are interested and would like to share your experience.
    </p>

>     <a href="TBD"

Reviewer 2: TODO: Get link before merging.

Author: Yah that's literally the single reason why I've left this as "draft"... @vidurkhannadatadog should provide that form.

      target="_blank"
      class="btn btn-outline-primary pb-1 align-self-end d-flex flex-column justify-content-center"
    >
      Request Access
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

### Overview

[Orchestrion][6] is Datadog's automatic compile-time instrumentation tool for Go applications. It automatically adds instrumentation (backed by the [Go Datadog Tracing library][4]) to applications during compilation.

Key benefits:

- Instruments your code and all dependencies, including the Go standard library
- Provides the best possible tracing coverage
- Enables certain [Application Security Management][7] features exclusive to Orchestrion-built Go applications

Running during compilation allows `orchestrion` to not only instrument your own code, but also all of your dependencies' code, including the Go standard library, ensuring you get the best tracing coverage possible.

### Requirements

> - Supports the two latest Go runtime releases (matching [Go's official release policy][8]). Older Go runtimes may function, but are not supported by default. For special requests, [contact support][9].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Supports the two latest Go runtime releases (matching [Go's official release policy][8]).
```
I am hesitant to include these details so we don't overload support. Also, I think it's best to stick to telling users what is supported.

Author: I had copied it from the tracer library's support policy document, but it has been edited to remove that sentence since then, so I think it's fine to drop from here as well.

- Applications must be managed using [go modules][10]. Module vendoring is supported.

#### Supported packages

Orchestrion is under active development and supports a subset of integrations available in the [tracing library][1]. For the latest list of supported frameworks and their minimum Orchestrion versions, see the [Supported frameworks](#supported-frameworks).

### Install Orchestrion

To install and set up Orchestrion:

1. Install Orchestrion:
   ```sh
   go install github.com/datadog/orchestrion@latest
   ```
   <div class="alert alert-info">Ensure <code>$(go env GOBIN)</code> (or <code>$(go env GOPATH)/bin</code>) is in your <code>$PATH</code>.</div>
   
1. Register Orchestrion in your project's `go.mod`:
   ```sh
   orchestrion pin
   ```
1. Commit changes to your version control system:
   ```sh
   git commit -m "chore: enable orchestrion" go.mod go.sum orchestrion.tool.go
   ```

Now you can manage your dependency on `orchestrion` like any other dependency using the `go.mod` file.

### Usage

> Use one of these methods to enable Orchestrion in your build process:

Reviewer 2: Do we prefer any of these methods over the other, or are there any scenarios that a user would prefer one over the other? We could potentially add those details to help a user pick. Alternatively, we could just show one option as the happy path.

Author: My personal (and absolutely un-biased opinion as the lead engineer for Orchestrion) opinion is that Orchestrion should be the golden path going forward; however since the current state of it is "Alpha", I think it would be weird to present it as the recommended option right now...

And since we're making these doc edits to try and attract more early adopters, I'd also prefer to avoid presenting the manual approach as "preferred" :)

Reviewer 2: Agreed! I suppose I was asking more about the three ways to enable Orchestrion. We could potentially be more opinionated in this section or list why a user would choose one of the three methods over the other.
